c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\slutrpojekt.exe
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\slutrpojekt.deps.json
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\slutrpojekt.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\slutrpojekt.dll
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\slutrpojekt.pdb
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\Raylib-cs.dll
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libraylib.so
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx-arm64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libraylib.dylib
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\bin\Debug\net6.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\raylib.dll
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\slutrpojekt.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\slutrpojekt.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\slutrpojekt.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\slutrpojekt.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\slutrpojekt.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\slutrpojekt.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\slutrpojekt.dll
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\slutrpojekt.dll
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\slutrpojekt.pdb
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\slutrpojekt.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\felix.elliot\Documents\Programering 1\slutrpojekt\slutrpojekt\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\slutrpojekt.dll
